v2 blog post (#351)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/advanced/understanding.en-US.mdx

![A pattern for key change + previous data + fallback](/img/understanding/key-change-previous-data-fallback.svg)

## Combining with isLoading and isValidating for better UX

> `isLoading` and `isValidating` are similar, so you might be confused about which value you should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparing to the existing `isValidating` value, `isLoading` is a new property that can help you for the more general loading cases for UX.
```

> `isValidating` becomes `true` whenever there is an ongoing request, on the other hand, `isLoading` becomes `true` when there is an ongoing request and no "loaded data".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `isValidating` becomes `true` whenever there is an ongoing request **whatever the the data is loaded or not**
- `isLoading` becomes `true` when there is an ongoing request and **data is not loaded yet**.
```

> You can use `isValidating` for indicating there is an ongoing revalidation and `isLoading` for indicating there is nothing to display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply saying you can use `isValidating` for indicating everytime there is an ongoing revalidation, and `isLoading` for indicating that SWR is revalidating but there is no data yet to display.
```

<Callout emoji="📝">
  Fallback data and previous data are not considered "loaded data," so when you use fallback data or enable the keepPreviousData option, you might have data to display.
</Callout>

```jsx
function Stock() {
  const { data, isLoading, isValidating } = useSWR(STOCK_API, fetcher, {
    refreshInterval: 3000
  });

  // If it's still loading the initial data, there is nothing to display.
  // We return a skeleton here.
  if (isLoading) return <div className="skeleton" />;

  // Otherwise, display the data and a spinner that indicates a background
  // revalidation.
  return (
    <>
      <div>${data}</div>
      {isValidating ? <div className="spinner" /> : null}
    </>
  );
}
```

> ![An example using the isLoading state](/img/understanding/isloading.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![An example of using the isLoading state](/img/understanding/isloading.gif)
```

> You can find the full code for this example here: https://codesandbox.io/s/swr-isloading-jtopow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the code example [here](https://codesandbox.io/s/swr-isloading-jtopow)
```
